fix avoid-cascade testcase (#371)
GoogleChromeLabs/tooling.report: tests/hashing/subtests/avoid-cascade/index.md

This is an asset!
```

**some-asset2.txt**

```
This is another asset!
```

> The build produces four JavaScript bundles and a text file, all with hashed URLs. There should be bundles for the `index.<hash>.js` and `profile.<hash>.js` "routes", another for their `logCaps()` dependency, and a fourth for `lazy.js`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The build produces four JavaScript bundles and two text files, all with hashed URLs. There should be bundles for the `index.<hash>.js` and `profile.<hash>.js` "routes", another for their `logCaps()` dependency, and a fourth for `lazy.js`.
```

To pass this test:

> - The output files must be hashed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All output files _except the HTML file_ must be hashed, and their hash must change if their content changes.
```

- A change to `some-asset.txt` and `some-asset2.txt` should only change the hash of it's output file and the hash mapping.
- A change to `utils.js` should only change the hash of it's output file and the hash mapping.
- An entry point should still pick up the new `some-asset.txt`, `some-asset2.txt` and `utils.js`.

> - All output files, except the HTML, should be cached without revalidation on repeated visit without change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

(if the above suggestion is good)

> - A change to `utils.js` should only change the hash of it's output file and the hash mapping.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Changing `some-asset.txt` or `some-asset2.txt` should only change the hash of its output file and the mapping.
- Changing `utils.js` should only change the hash of its output file and the mapping.
```
